So in this class we are going to look to modules in automating your architecture.
And in this particular section of this module, we are going to look to the architecture mean for the
caffee.
We understand now that the cafe has locations in multiple countries and they must start automating to
keep their business growing.
Their organization now has many different architectures and needs a way to deploy, manage and update
them.
They also like to have separate dev and production embodiment that rely on them to automate the process
in terms of configuration and modification and deployment.
They realized that they must have starter to meeting to support continuous growth, and their organization
has different locations and different architecture needs.
In order to do so, they want to achieve high level of automation in order to consistently deploy,
manage, update these architectures.
So users look to the resources that we have in the US in order to automate the process in a manual a
process, it takes significant time and energy to build a large scale computing and very many organizations
will start using a device by creating a similar storage service, like a three launching Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud, easy to and running a web server on it.
Then over time they will be able to manually add more resources, remove resources based on their capacity
need.
However, it can become very challenging to manually manage and maintaining these resources.
And there is a few questions you need to ask yourself how would you ideally update production server
and how will you debug a deployment of your infrastructure and how you will manage dependencies on multiple
and various systems and subsystems in your organization and whether it is realistic that you will be
able to do all these tasks through manual configuration.
The manual process guys has risk from multiple things.
They does not support repeatability at any scale.
Reuse ability in software engineering is a very good thing.
Do what you want to use.
If you build the software component, you want to reuse it for Project one, you can reuse it in a project
two.
Also, there is no version control because you won't be able to roll back to the production to the prior
year version.
If things go wrong and you don't have any other thing in the manual process, especially when you have
a large team working in your infrastructure and there is no consistency of the data and the configuration.
So how would you ensure matching configurations across multiple Amazon?
A sense all these questions.
We need to address them as a solution architect and we want to make sure that we are achieve high level
of operational excellence, which is basically you perform operations as code, make it frequently small
and reversible changes and you also achieve high level of reliability by managing those changes.
In automation in us, there is a service called the Cloud Formation, which can be used to provision
those resources in a repeatable manner.
It will enable us to build, rebuild our infrastructure and application without the need to perform
any anyone one actions or write any custom scripts.
With a cloud formation, you can build a document that describe what your infrastructure should do,
including all the NWC resources that should be part of the deployment.
You can think of this document as a model and then you use that model to create.
Then you use this model to create the infrastructure.
Otherwise, as a cloud formation can actually create the resources in your account.
When you use a cloud formation to create those resources, we call those a cloud formation aspect,
and that stack normally consisted of multiple services and you will be able to update to create those.
A stack which can be used to provision your resource using individual cycle formation enables you to
create your infrastructure as a cloud.
And this is a very old concept in computer science where we can describe the whole architecture, as
could the author of that.
The scribe can basically check the fashion control of the script in a code repository like GitHub or
college comment.
Be able to review the files and the modification and which team members they did deploy and change this
script.
If that is the recipe information document, you create a model, you will infrastructure field.
You can roll back to the previous version.
You could also delete the stack and you can check whether there are differences, the differences between
the current version and the previous one.
So with that mission control, you can use essentially rollback of.
So it does look to it as a cloud formation in general.
In order to build a stack in a cloud formation, you will define your resources in a template or you
use a prebuilt and then you upload the template to cloud formation.
And normally you gave those templates in a separate bucket or in another restaurant or even in your
local disk.
Then you run your stack creation by the cloud formation and.
This is a provision, multiple resources in the U.S. that is stuck with retains control of the resources
that you are created and you can later update, delete and redacted the ref or delete completely the
stack.
The concept of infrastructure as a code is an industry term that refers to the process of provisioning
and managing your cloud resources by defining them in a simplified that is both human readable and machine
consumer.
But infrastructure as a code continues to grow in popularity because it provides a workable solution
to challenges like how to replicate, be deployed, repurpose infrastructure easily, consistently.
That transactional nature of cloud formation is one of its biggest advantages.
From a customer perspective, cloud formation can be moved from one embodiment to another, and you
can roll back to the last good dusty on case deployment name.
What are the infrastructure as a core benefits?
Some of the benefits of infrastructure code is that you gain a benefit to ability and rapidly deploy
complex embedding with one template.
You can use the same template to deploy the dev and the production.
Same template can be used to create three different the stack.
Each stack can be created in a few minutes and each stack would replicate their complex configuration.
In some cases it is stacked, for example, in the test environment and the stack three is the prediction
environment.
You could have a greater control about their resources and the size of the resources that you create
in each environment.
If you must configure update into this embodiment, you update the template with the change and of the
oldest that as well.
This process helps to ensure the modification to a single environment which can be used in a reliable
way to propagate all these changes to all in variance.
Another benefit of information that it will be very easy to clean up and delete all the resources you
created.
And this is very useful in order to keep your echos under the control of your client's automation template.
So this is what reduce the cost associated with those resources that you don't really need them and
helps you as well to keep your account clean and necessarily any of course know how close automation
will be in the cloud formation.
We use a template and that template is written in a language called JSON.
It's a Java object notation or JavaScript object notation.
And there is also another format which is called Yeah.
And YAML is a marker of language similar to the same data that you stored in Jason will take if you
add lines, just store in Yemen because Yemen does not use the phrases and it uses a few are quotation
marks and no tag.
Another advantage of Yemen that it is natively supported in multiple deployment and in multiple embodiment,
as we will see later on, you can use it in Docker engine and you can use it as well with option that
you might find it easier to debug.
Yemen document comparing to Jason because Jason, it can be difficult to track down missing or misplaced
comments or a since despite the many advantage of YAML can also Jason offer some unique advantage.
It is widely used by computer system.
It is basically advanced in terms of the data structure that you can store in it, and it's usually
easier to generate and parse than it can be for EIA.
Both files are supported by the attributes management console and also it gives you the individual accounts
automation designer, which is a graphical user interface tool that you can use to view the content
of your client's automation template.
And it can also be used to convert a validation template to Yemen or convert YAML to Jason.
And it also provides you with a drag and drop interface for authoring a template that can be outfitted
as either Yemen or DS.
So let us look to an example of a cloud formation.
In this example, there's not really a three all possible sections of the template.
It can highlight some of the most commonly used section, including parameters, resources and understanding.
Those component of the cloud formation template is very important.
For the example, in the parameter section, we are specifying the values that will be passed from that
user to the template.
During the execution of that, you can refer to a parameter from the resources and the output section
of the parameter, name and description appear in the specified parameter page.
When a user learns degree at the start, whether in the aid device management console, in the resources,
we are basically looking to the section where we specify the resources that we want to create.
For example, in this slide here we are going to create a resource of time.
AWB easy to understand, which will be clear and easy to understand.
And these resources they can include both statistically defined properties like image IDs, innocence
ideas or even you can.
Reference to a parameter, and that parameter value will be entered by the user during the execution
of the template.
So for example here the key name is a reference with the keypad parameter that we declared in the previous
section.
Finally, this example shows the output section in the output.
We describe the value that are returned after we finished the execution of the term.
So, for example, in this particular scenario, the template will return back to us, the instance
in the output and this will be printed out in the management console after the stack is created.
You can see this value in the stack details of the transformation console by running a cloud formation
described as that this is the command that you will use if you are using the ACL or you can use a software
development kit or SDK to retrieve those values.
And the reason why I mentioned that, guys, because there is multiple third party that you can use
with the NWC to build and to create your infrastructure as a code like data forms, which is a very
famous tool used in the industry.
The sweet thing about the cloud formation that you can use the same template to create both production
and embedding even more.
You can have more control about the size and the positions and the deployment details of your inventory.
That template can help you to ensure that your application behaves in production the same way that it
behaves in the invoke.
You see, both the production and development are created from this in the production environment is
configured to run across two phases, but the dev runs only in a single daisy.
This kind of deployment of specification can help us to control the number the course of the resources
between two environments and they are accomplished by using a parameter or by using a conditions in
the confirmation template.
So a condition is statements in a cloud formation help you to ensure that they are different in size
and scope.
You can specify whether this is a test, a production or otherwise.
You might also need several testing impediments or functional testing or user acceptance.
This thing all or twisting all of these impediments can be created by the same template, and you don't
need to have any manual process there.
Another important thing is how cloud formation handles in those chains.
One way to handle the changes is to update the stack.
When you update the cloud formation template you use to create the stack, you need to update a stack
option from a cloud formation.
The chances enable you to preview the changes that, if any, that they align with your expectation
and then approve the updates before you proceed to the basic workflow.
To use the cloud formation, chance is to create a change set by submitting changes for the stack that
you want to update.
And this is very important for the exam, view the changes and also run them.
Once you are happy that these results changes will not affect the whole infrastructure.
If you use a specific change, you might want to set a deletion policy on some of these sources.
That deletion policy attribute can be used to preserve a resource when it's a stack is deleted or updated.
If a resources has no deletion policy attribute, the adverse information deletes the resource.
Another thing to understand is the drift detection.
So here we have a scenario.
An application environment is a creating by running the irreversible information stack and someone decide
to manually modify and deploy the environment so they create a new inbound rule in the security group
that was created by this stack.
They make these changes outside the context of cloud formation, so maybe the template in the script
or they go to Amazon issue two instances console and they change the security group rules they have
manual without referring to the cloud formation as the architecture of this application, you would
want to know that your deployed environment no longer matches the model that you created using the ATP
as a cloud formation template.
How you would know which resources were modified so that they no longer exactly confirm with the specification
in the stack?
No.
Remember, guys here the specification on the model that was created by the cloud formation script with
the drift detection, you can exactly know which resources are different from the model and you can
also see with your stack action happen without updating the template or of the script itself.
Performing a restriction on a stack shows you whether the stack has drifted from its expected template
configuration and also retains detailed information about the drafting status of each resource that
supports the prediction.
In this step, when you delete a stack that has been left in it, that is not handled by the end of
the scale formation.
Keep this in your mind for the exam because it make more sense if somebody changes.
The security group rule is indeed easy to control.
This is not going to be affected by the cloud formation as stacks or if you delete the stack, everything.
Will be deleted, but that modification in the security group will remain.
Now, the scope and organization of your team.
Normally people it's a generic a practice in the industry that you grew all the template that they are
related to the front end, to the back end, all to the share of resources and your network and security
close to each other or you group them with each other.
This is make it much easier for you to handle.
But you could also use in a cloud formation what we call the elastic quickstart, which again provide
you with a written template by us.
And this was built by the solution architect partner to deploy your popular solution and end up being
asked like for example, WordPress or, or a template for Joomla.
For example, these reference deployment can be provisioned in your account in less than an hour or
a few minutes.
Most likely will use them to create a testing to test the environment and see if those software are
going to help you to achieve a specific business values or business requirements.
Each Quickstart consist of an information template and a deployment guide.
When this guide to provide you with details about the deployment options and how to configure the deployment
to match your needs, you can customize the deployment to match your needs and create this stack depending
on your resources.
So let us look now to a demo how we can create our to use the quickest out of cloud formation in the
management console.